26 And also Limhi, being the son 
of  the  king,  having  the  kingdom 
conferred upon him a by the people, 
made b oath unto the king of the La-
manites that his people should pay 
c tribute unto him, even one half of 
all they possessed.

27 And it came to pass that Limhi 
began to establish the kingdom and  
to establish a peace among his people.
28 And the king of the Lamanites 
set  a guards round about the land, 
that he might b keep the people of 
Limhi in the land, that they might 
not depart into the wilderness; and 
he did support his guards out of the 
tribute which he did receive from 
the Nephites.

29 And now king Limhi did have 
continual  peace  in  his  kingdom 
for the space of two years, that the 
Lamanites did not molest them nor 
seek to destroy them.

CHAPTER 20
Some Lamanite daughters are abducted 
by the priests of Noah—The Lamanites 
wage war upon Limhi and his people—
The Lamanite hosts are repulsed and 
pacified. About 145–123 b.c.
Now there was a place in a Shemlon 
where the daughters of the Laman-
ites did gather themselves together 
to sing, and to b dance, and to make 
themselves merry.

2 And it came to pass that there 
was  one  day  a  small  number  of 
them gathered together to sing and 
to dance.

3 And now the priests of king Noah, 
being ashamed to return to the city 
of Nephi, yea, and also fearing that 
the people would a slay them, there-
fore they durst not return to their 
wives and their b children.

4 And having tarried in the wil-
derness, and having discovered the 
daughters  of  the  Lamanites,  they 
laid and watched them;

5 And when there were but few of 
them  gathered  together  to  dance, 
they came forth out of their secret 
places and took them and carried 
them  into  the  wilderness;  yea, 
twenty and four of the a daughters 
of the Lamanites they carried into 
the wilderness.

6 And it came to pass that when the 
Lamanites found that their daugh-
ters  had  been  missing,  they  were 
angry  with  the  people  of  Limhi, 
for they thought it was the people 
of Limhi.