7 Now it came to pass that while 
Amalickiah had thus been obtaining 
power by fraud and deceit, Moroni, on 
the other hand, had been a preparing

34 a  tg False;  
Lying.

35 a  Prov. 19:6 (6–7).
 b  tg Conspiracy;

Tyranny.
 c  Alma 47:4.
 d  Jacob 1:13 (13–14).

36 a  tg Apostasy of

Individuals.

b  Heb. 10:26 (26–27);

Alma 24:30.

c  Jer. 8:12.
 d  tg Peer Influence.
 e  3 Ne. 4:5.

48 1 a  Alma 52:3 (1–3); 54:5.

b  Alma 62:35.
 c  Mosiah 2:8.
2 a  Alma 48:21.

b  D&C 121:39.
 c  Alma 54:24.
  4 a  tg Tyranny.
  5 a  Alma 43:6;  
49:5 (5, 23).

b  Alma 52:20 (20, 33).

7 a  Alma 49:8.

329

ALMA 48  : 8–19

the minds of the people to be faith-
ful unto the Lord their God.

8 Yea, he had been strengthening 
the  armies  of  the  Nephites,  and 
erecting  small  a forts,  or  places  of 
resort; throwing up banks of earth 
round about to enclose his armies, 
and also building b walls of stone to 
encircle them about, round about 
their cities and the borders of their 
lands; yea, all round about the land.
9 And in their weakest fortifica-
tions he did place the greater num-
ber of men; and thus he did fortify 
and strengthen the land which was 
possessed by the Nephites.

10 And thus he was preparing to 
a support their liberty, their lands, 
their wives, and their children, and 
their peace, and that they might live 
unto the Lord their God, and that 
they might maintain that which was 
called by their enemies the cause 
of b Christians.

11 And Moroni was a a strong and 
a mighty man; he was a man of a 
perfect b understanding; yea, a man 
that did not delight in bloodshed; a 
man whose soul did joy in the lib-
erty and the freedom of his coun-
try, and his brethren from bondage 
and slavery;

12 Yea, a man whose heart did swell 
with thanksgiving to his God, for the  
many privileges and blessings which 
he bestowed upon his people; a man 
who did labor exceedingly for the 
a welfare and safety of his people.