24 Write the works of this people, 
which shall be, even as hath been 
written, of that which hath been.

25 For  behold,  out  of  the  books 
which have been written, and which 
shall be written, shall this people 
be a judged, for by them shall their 
b works be known unto men.

26 And behold, all things are a writ-
ten by the Father; therefore out of 
the  books  which  shall  be  written 
shall the world be judged.

27 And know ye that a ye shall be 
b judges  of  this  people,  according 
to the judgment which I shall give 
unto you, which shall be just. There-
fore, what c manner of men ought ye 
to be? Verily I say unto you, even  
d as I am.

28 And now I a go unto the Father. 
And verily I say unto you, whatso-
ever things ye shall ask the Father 
in my name shall be given unto you.
29 Therefore, a ask, and ye shall re-
ceive; knock, and it shall be opened 
unto you; for he that asketh, receiv-
eth; and unto him that knocketh, 
it shall be opened.

30 And  now,  behold,  my  joy  is 
great, even unto fulness, because of 
you, and also this generation; yea, 
and even the Father rejoiceth, and 
also all the holy angels, because of 
you and this generation; for a none 
of them are lost.

31 Behold, I would that ye should

understand; for I mean them who 
are a now alive of b this generation; 
and none of them are lost; and in 
them I have fulness of c joy.