28 And it came to pass that I, Nephi,  
beheld the pointers which were in 
the ball, that they did work accord-
ing to the a faith and diligence and 
heed which we did give unto them.
29 And  there  was  also  written 
upon  them  a  new  writing,  which 
was plain to be read, which did give 
us a understanding concerning the 
ways of the Lord; and it was writ-
ten and changed from time to time, 
according to the faith and diligence 
which we gave unto it. And thus we 
see that by b small means the Lord 
can bring about great things.

30 And  it  came  to  pass  that  I, 
Nephi, did go forth up into the top 
of the mountain, according to the 
a directions which were given upon 
the ball.

31 And it came to pass that I did 
slay wild  a beasts, insomuch that I 
did obtain food for our families.

32 And it came to pass that I did 
return  to  our  tents,  bearing  the 
beasts which I had slain; and now 
when  they  beheld  that  I  had  ob-
tained  a food, how great was their 
joy! And it came to pass that they 
did humble themselves before the 
Lord, and did give thanks unto him.
33 And it came to pass that we did 
again  take  our  journey,  traveling 
nearly  the  same  course  as  in  the 
beginning; and after we had trav-
eled for the space of many days we 
did pitch our tents again, that we 
might tarry for the space of a time.
34 And it came to pass that a Ish-
mael died, and was buried in the 
place which was called b Nahom.

35 And  it  came  to  pass  that  the 
daughters  of  Ishmael  did  a mourn 
exceedingly, because of the loss of

20 a  tg Murmuring.
  21 a  Gen. 49:24.
  22 a  Ex. 16:8;

Num. 11:1 (1–2);  
D&C 29:19.

23 a  tg Initiative.

25 a  Ether 2:14.

tg Chastening;  
Repent.

27 a  tg Warn.
  28 a  Alma 37:40.  
tg Faith.

b  tg Honoring Father and

29 a  tg Understanding.

Mother.

24 a  tg Guidance, Divine;

Prayer.

b  1 Ne. 15:20; 16:5.

b  2 Kgs. 5:13;  
James 3:4;  
Alma 37:6 (6–8, 41);  
D&C 123:16.

30 a  tg Guidance, Divine.
  31 a  Gen. 9:3.
  32 a  2 Ne. 1:24.