22 And the Lord of the vineyard 
said  unto  him:  Counsel  me  not;  I 
knew  that  it  was  a  poor  spot  of 
ground; wherefore, I said unto thee, 
I have nourished it this long time, 
and  thou  beholdest  that  it  hath 
brought forth much fruit.

23 And  it  came  to  pass  that  the 
Lord of the vineyard said unto his 
servant: Look hither; behold I have 
planted another branch of the tree 
also; and thou knowest that this spot 
of ground was poorer than the first. 
But, behold the tree. I have nour-
ished it this long time, and it hath 
brought forth much fruit; therefore, 
gather it, and lay it up against the 
season, that I may preserve it unto 
mine own self.

24 And  it  came  to  pass  that  the 
Lord of the vineyard said again unto 
his servant: Look hither, and behold 
another a branch also, which I have 
planted; behold that I have nour-
ished  it  also,  and  it  hath  brought 
forth fruit.

25 And he said unto the servant: 
Look  hither  and  behold  the  last. 
Behold,  this  have  I  planted  in  a 
a good  spot  of  ground;  and  I  have

15 a  tg Millennium,

Preparing a People for.

17 a  Matt. 12:33;  
John 15:16;  
Gal. 3:9 (7–9, 29);

Col. 1:6 (3–8).

20 a  Jacob 5:39.
 b  tg Israel,

Restoration of.
  24 a  Ezek. 17:22 (22–24);

Alma 16:17.
  25 a  Ezek. 17:8;  
1 Ne. 2:20;  
Jacob 5:43.

JACOB 5  : 26–39

128

nourished  it  this  long  time,  and 
only a b part of the tree hath brought 
forth tame fruit, and the c other part 
of the tree hath brought forth wild 
fruit; behold, I have nourished this 
tree like unto the others.

26 And  it  came  to  pass  that  the 
Lord of the vineyard said unto the 
servant: Pluck off the branches that 
have not brought forth good a fruit, 
and cast them into the fire.

27 But  behold,  the  servant  said 
unto him: Let us prune it, and dig 
about it, and nourish it a little a lon-
ger, that perhaps it may bring forth 
good fruit unto thee, that thou canst 
lay it up against the season.